Update EIP-7997: simplify spec, clarify rationale (#12009)
ethereum/EIPs: EIPS/eip-7997.md

Two known downsides of this factory were considered. First, the address of the created account is returned with no padding, and may need to be decoded differently to other address-returning calls. Second, returndata is not propagated in case of revert, and an EVM trace may be required for obtaining a diagnostic error message. Both issues were considered non-blocking due to the existence of workarounds, including the possibility of using this factory to deploy further improved factories. Notably, if such factories are fully deterministic and permissionlessly deployable (and only require baseline EVM features), they are guaranteed to exist or be deployable at the same address on the same set of chains.

### Meeting factory existence requirements

> A chain may satisfy this requirement by either of the following means that results in the account above: deploying the factory with an ordinary transaction (for example, its keyless creation transaction) where the chain's gas parameters permit it, or including the account in the genesis state with a nonce equal to `1`. Regardless of the method used, the resulting `FACTORY_ADDRESS` account MUST have the runtime code specified above. If the chain is already running with gas parameters that no longer allow deployment via the keyless transaction, a way to add the contract at the expected address is a coordinated irregular state transition, which is outside the scope of this EIP. Client software MUST NOT check for the existence of the contract at the fork boundary. This EIP merely guarantees that once this EIP is active, the referenced code exists at the `FACTORY_ADDRESS`.

Author: Note: this is the original text from line 43, except with some changes. 

This is the reverse diff, so all additions are the removals what I have done:

```suggestion
A chain may satisfy this requirement by either of the following means that results in the account above: deploying the factory with an ordinary transaction (for example, its keyless creation transaction) where the chain's gas parameters permit it, or including the account in the genesis state with a nonce equal to `1`. Regardless of the method used, the resulting `FACTORY_ADDRESS` account MUST have the runtime code specified above. If the chain is already running with gas parameters that no longer allow deployment via the keyless transaction, the only way to add the contract at the expected address is a coordinated irregular state transition, which is outside the scope of this EIP. Client software MUST NOT check for the existence of the contract at the fork boundary.
```

(I changed "the only way" to "a way", plus added the final sentence (which looks "removed" in the suggestion diff, but is thus added once we merge this PR))
